menu
contact
may i know where your organization is located?
i need your location details please
are you available on digital platform
how can i contact you?
how can i call you?
When will office begin?
Please tell me the office opening time.
business hours
Can I use cold water for all types of laundry?
Can I wash different types of fabrics together?
How can I improve the washing machine's efficiency?
troubleshooting for showcase chiller
products
what are the products you have
how can i place order online
help me with placing order online
please tell me how can i place the order 
Can I order from outside the country?
i live abroad can i place an order for my family back home
i am currently residing in Australia can i place my order
price of your products
Can I register a second-hand product?
Is it necessary to register my product, and if so, where?
How long do I have to register my product after purchase?
when should i register my product after i have made a purchase
its already been two years i have bought my [washing machine](product) can i register my product now?
what do i need to register a warranty card
Can I register my product through email or phone?
I'm having trouble finding the product registration option. What should I do?
Do I need the product's serial number for registration?
Can I register multiple products at once?
Is there a fee for product registration?
Can I register a product if I live in a different country?
Is there an expiration date for product registration?
What are the benefits of product registration?
What information is typically required for product registration?
How can I check if my product is already registered?
How do I know that my order is confirmed?
when will i know if my order has been confirmed?
how can i know my order is confirmed or not?
tell me if my order has confirmed?
I regret my purchase. Can I cancel the order?
Please assist me in canceling my order.
I need to cancel my order due to some unforeseen circumstances.
Can you cancel my order and issue a refund?
I want to cancel my order before it gets shipped.
i want to cancel the order and get my money back
cancel the order and return my money 
cancel my order and refund my cash back